so
today on dirty chicken today on the
kitchen we are making asian
chicken lettuce wraps with singapore
style
rice noodles in order to prepare this
dish you will need to
mince some chicken breast and wash it
you will need two cloves of garlic
freshly squeezed lime
sugar two teaspoons of sugar quarter
teaspoon of
red chili flakes
soy sauce and sesame oil
to prepare the mixture for the chicken
we've used
sesame oil garlic sugar
red chili flakes and we are preparing
the freshly squeezed lime juice right
now
pour that in and whisk
okay my lovely assistant here is going
to pour in the chicken now
wait we're mixing the soy sauce three
tablespoons
so once you have added the soy sauce
it's gonna look this color
okay and then you can add the chicken in
there this is like your
marination here
and then it's ready to be cooked once
it's marinated
so we've decided to modify the recipe a
bit and use some worcestershire sauce i
cannot
wish yes i cannot pronounce it properly
worcestershire we're also going to use
this uh v8 szechuan sauce
just a little bit of it let that sit for
about five minutes and we'll be right
back we have made a discovery here on
durgy kitchen
we got this recipe from the newspaper
and it's for chicken lettuce wraps
nowhere in the ingredients does it say
chicken
and then when you read the recipe itself
combine the first ingredients in a large
bowl store you mix well with the wigs
add chicken cilantro mint
toss to combine stand for five minutes
spoon two and a half teaspoons of
tablespoon sorry chicken mixture into
the center of the leaf
do we cook the chicken or not
that is the question but me being the
person that i am
i'm going to cook the chicken here it's
a good plan good plan
so even though the recipe didn't tell us
to cook the chicken we're going to cook
it
so in a frying pan or sauce pan you're
going to heat up some oil
and then you're going to throw that
chicken in there and let it cook
okay we'll be right back to show you
what it looks like when it's done
okay so we're making the
singapore style rice noodles now and in
order to prepare we've taken two
tablespoons
of sesame oil and we are going to toss
the
boiled vermicelli in that toss
yeah this is really close to something
i'm trying
toss or flip or whatever you want to
call it they got a lot stuck on there so
i know we're just gonna deal with it
rice noodles
so we've got our shrimps that we had to
peel and devein even though the package
said it was veined
they lied okay
and then we've prepared here freshly
squeezed lime
juice one tablespoon and we're gonna put
two tablespoons of soy sauce
in that once it's cooked we're gonna
have to transfer it out and do our
vegetables and
okay these shrimps are starting to look
real good shine some light on that
so we're just going to take them out of
this container put them back in what we
uh
right over here
there we go and we're going to use this
same
wok for the vegetables and the noodles
okay so for the noodles you actually do
need to prepare this beforehand
we bought some chicken stock so we took
about half a
cube and we put it into about a cup of
boiling water
and now it looks like this so we're
going to be using that in this mixture
so to start we're going to use the same
skillet that we use the prawns in
and we are going to throw in the ginger
that is mint the ginger
and the
green chilies okay i don't know those
green chilies
bell peppers we're gonna let that
go for a few seconds before we add the
mushrooms
and the carrots
stir fry you know what i mean
you're adding that in we've got the
chicken going on the other side there as
you can see
and then we are going to let it cook for
about one minute
and we're gonna add curry powder green
onions
and the stock so be right back
okay we threw in our green onions and
now we're gonna
put in our this is curry powder it's
located we found it after a long time
of searching in superstore
and this brand storage brand
curry powder i got a whole container of
it which i didn't actually know i had so
i already bought some so
that'll be taking it back okay looks
like that gonna throw in the shrimps
and we're gonna the chicken stock needs
to go in
it will burn out the chicken sauce
vegetables
so we're here not chicken really we
bought the chicken stock yeah
you can use vegetable or chicken if
you're vegetarian folks you don't need
to add the shrimp
nor do you need to have the chicken
stock you can make this pure vegetarian
if you like and this is what it looks
like when it's finished
and you mix in the noodles does that
look
delicious okay so what we're doing is
lettuce
because we're gonna eat the chicken in
the lettuce wrap we gotta core the
lettuce
we have to peel them off one leaf at a
time so we're we're working on this
it's not very easy would you like to
hold the camera
oh yes i can actually do this
okay so she's gonna core or she's going
to peel off each lettuce leaf
so we can put our chicken in there and
eat it so there you have it
chicken wraps with singapore style rice
noodles
garnished with array of peppers
and green onion enjoy